{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Begr\'fc\'dfung:\
Welcome in my Kitchen, I am Chef Jeff and I am always looking for new Stuff. Why you ask? Well let\'92s say, they \'82quit\'92 fast. Do you want me to show you how things work here? \
\
Let\'92s make a Burger as your first meal. On the Left of the screen you can see all recipes and how they are done. At the Moment, you can see the recipe for Pizza. With \'82Q\'91 and \'82E\'91 you can switch the instructions. Switch to the Burger recipe.\
\
Great. Now you can see all instructions for the Burger. You can lock the recipe with the \'82R\'92 button. Then the other cooks pick tasks and do them. You need to do the others. The taken Tasks are marked with a Hat. \
\
You need to bake the Burger bun. You can find the Buns here.  And pick one up this \'82SPACE\'91. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (Pfeil \'fcber Burgerbuns)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nice. Now bring it to the Oven. \
\
Next bring the finished Bun to a Plate in the middle. (Pfeil \'fcber Teller in der Mitte)\
\
The Last missing part is the Salat. Pick up a Salat here. (Pfeil \'fcber Salat)\
\
Cut the Salat here and then bring it back into the Middle. \
\
Great you made your first Meal. Know Steve will bring it so the Mon- ehh \'82Customer\'91. \
\
One Last Advice. If you feed the same Meal to often, it won\'92t make the \'82Customer\'91 happy. You can see here how happy the \'82Customer\'91 will be. And every 10 sec the \'82Customer\'91 wants a Meal or he will be angry! ( Pfeil auf die Smileys) }